# Travel-Package-Purchase-Prediction
 The Policy Maker of a travel company wants to enable and establish a viable business model to expand the customer base.
The company is now planning to launch a new product i.e. Wellness Tourism Package. Wellness Tourism is defined as Travel that allows the traveler to maintain, enhance or kick-start a healthy lifestyle, and support or increase one's sense of well-being. This time company wants to harness the available data of existing and potential customers to target the right customers.
Data Analysts at the travel company have to analyze the customers' data and information to provide recommendations to the Policy Maker and build a model to predict the potential customer who is going to purchase the newly introduced travel package. The model will be built to make predictions before a customer is contacted.
Travel Industry is one of the biggest businesses in the world, for obvious reasons. Who doesn’t like travelling? The contribution of travel and tourism to the global GDP amounted to 5.81 trillion dollars in 2021, marking an increase of 1 trillion dollars from 2020.
One of the ways to expand the customer base is to introduce a new offering of packages. Currently, there are 5 types of packages the company is offering - Basic, Standard, Deluxe, Super Deluxe, King. Looking at the data of the last year, we observed that 18% of the customers purchased the packages. However, it was difficult to identify the potential customers because customers were contacted at random without looking at the available information.
To build a model to predict which customer is potentially going to purchase the newly introduced travel package.
